fix(kafkanativeacl,kafkaschemaregistryacl): decide ACL existence by spec match (#1265)
aiven/aiven-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH] - YYYY-MM-DD

- `ServiceUser`: increased the amount of concurrent reconcilers up to 10
- Fix `KafkaNativeACL` and `KafkaSchemaRegistryACL` to adopt the matching ACL that is already
  present on Aiven instead of trying to create a second one. Existence is decided by matching
  every identifying field against the ACL list. This
  covers an ACLs created outside the operator as well. Note

>   that an adopted ACL is deleted together with the custom resource unless `deletionPolicy: Orphan`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that an adopted ACL is deleted together with the custom resource unless `controllers.aiven.io/deletion-policy: Orphan`
```
Users might copy this, so let's have it the full name, or link it to the docs.

Author: Updated
